Add DI to SignalR hub methods (#25746)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/hubs.md

# Use hubs in SignalR for ASP.NET Core

> :::moniker range="= aspnetcore-6.0"

Author: ```suggestion
:::moniker range="< aspnetcore-7.0"
```

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/signalr/hubs/samples/6.x/SignalRHubsSample/Snippets/Hubs/ChatHub.cs" id="snippet_HubMethodName" highlight="1":::

> ## Inject services into your hub

Reviewer: To avoid 2nd person where possible ...

```suggestion
## Inject services into a hub
```

or it could be "Hub service injection" ... or similar.

> [!NOTE]

> > The following feature is only available in .NET 7.0+

Author: Did this instead of duplicating everything and using a moniker range. AFAIK there is not way to nest moniker ranges.

Reviewer: Correct ... they can't be nested. I recommend versioning the whole topic now and signaling Rick to activate the version selector for the whole doc set. Place the new versioned content at the **end of the article tho**. Otherwise, it will break bookmark links during preview.

> > The following feature is only available in .NET 7.0+

Reviewer: I recommend going ahead and versioning the whole topic at this point. Rick will activate it in the version selector. However, be sure to put the new 7.0 piece at the **_end of the topic_** to avoid broken links during preview.

> Hub constructors can accept services from DI as parameters which can be stored in properties on the class for use in a hub method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hub constructors can accept services from DI as parameters, which can be stored in properties on the class for use in a hub method.
```

> When injecting multiple services for different hub methods or as an alternative way of writing your code, hub methods can also accept services from DI.

Reviewer: Since we favor imperative tone and dropping 2nd person where possible ...

```suggestion
When injecting multiple services for different hub methods or as an alternative way of writing code, hub methods can also accept services from DI.
```

> By default hub method parameters will be inspected and resolved from DI if possible.

Reviewer: Avoiding past tense where possible ...

```suggestion
By default, hub method parameters are inspected and resolved from DI if possible.
```

```csharp
services.AddSingleton<IDatabaseService, DatabaseServiceImpl>();

// ...

public class ChatHub : Hub
{
    public Task SendMessage(string user, string message, IDatabaseService dbService)
    {
        var userName = dbService.GetUserName(user);
        return Clients.All.SendAsync("ReceiveMessage", userName, message);
    }
}
```

> If this behavior is undesired it can be disabled with [DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options).

Reviewer: Prob best to restate the noun over using a pronoun. How about ...

```suggestion
If implicit resolution of parameters from services isn't desired, disable it with [`DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters`](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options).
```

Reviewer: I see ... then there's a stray CRLF at the end of Line148.

Reviewer: ... oh ... Line 640.

Actually, I think without **two spaces** at the end of the line, it will end up rendering as one paragraph anyway ... even if the CRLF stays there. The DocFX trick that we use to merely place a `<br>` is two spaces. Otherwise, I think DocFX is going to make `<p>`s out these two lines.

Author: Sounds good. Looks like it's a paragraph on the review site.

> If you want to be explicit about what parameters get resolved from DI in your hub methods, you can use the `DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters` option and use the `[FromServices]` attribute or a custom attribute that implements `IFromServiceMetadata` on your parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explicitly specify which parameters are resolved from DI in hub methods, use the `DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters` option and use the `[FromServices]` attribute or a custom attribute that implements `IFromServiceMetadata` on parameters.
```

```csharp
services.AddSingleton<IDatabaseService, DatabaseServiceImpl>();
services.AddSignalR(options =>
{
    options.DisableImplicitFromServicesParameters = true;
});

// ...

public class ChatHub : Hub
{

>     public Task SendMessage(string user, string message, [FromServices] IDatabaseService dbService)

Reviewer: GH won't count the chars for me, but this might be a hair long. If it's over 85, I suggest ...

```suggestion
    public Task SendMessage(string user, string message, 
        [FromServices] IDatabaseService dbService)
```

    {
        var userName = dbService.GetUserName(user);
        return Clients.All.SendAsync("ReceiveMessage", userName, message);
    }
}
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This feature makes use of [IServiceProviderIsService](/dotnet/api/Microsoft.Extensions.Dependencyinjection.IServiceProviderIsService) which is optionally implemented by Dependency Injection implementations. If the DI container used by your app does not support this feature then injecting services into your hub methods will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature makes use of <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.IServiceProviderIsService>, which is optionally implemented by DI implementations. If the app's DI container doesn't support this feature, injecting services into hub methods isn't supported.
```
